New Doc: Create a Deployment, Change: Configure a Deployment (#719)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-deployment.md

Within a Workspace, you can create Deployments and push DAGs to any Deployment from the Astro CLI or from a continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) process. You can also invite other users to the Workspace and create Deployments.

Log in to the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io). Your assigned Workspaces are listed below **Your Workspaces**.

## Step 2: Create a Deployment

If you prefer, you can run the `astrocloud deployment create` command in the Astro CLI to create a Deployment. See [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-create.md).

1. Log in to the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) and select a Workspace.
2. Click **Deployment**.
3. Complete the following fields:
    - **Name**: Enter a name for your Deployment.
    - **Astro Runtime**: Select the Astro Runtime version. The latest version of Astro Runtime is selected by default.
    - **Description**: Optional. Enter a description for your Deployment. 
    - **Cluster**: Select the Astro Cluster in which you want to create this Deployment.
4. Optional. Edit the Deployment resource settings. See [Configure Deployment Resources](configure-deployment-resources.md). 

> 5. Click **Create Deployment** and within a short period the following screen appears:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Create Deployment**. When you do this, the following screen appears:
```

    ![Cloud UI Deployment Configuration](/img/docs/deployment-configuration.png)

>     The initial status of all new Deployments is `UNHEALTHY`. This indicates that the Deployment's Webserver and Scheduler are still spinning up in your cloud. In a few minutes the status changes to `HEALTHY` and you can move to step 5.

Author: @paolaperaza I don't think _step_ needs to be capitalized here. I agree that this should be discussed and guidance provided in the style guide.

---
sidebar_label: 'Create a Deployment'
title: 'Create a Deployment'
id: create-deployment
description: Learn how to create an Astro Deployment.
---

## Overview

A Deployment on Astro is an instance of Astro Runtime that is powered by the core components of Apache Airflow including a metadata database, a Webserver, one or more Schedulers, and one or more Workers. Every Deployment is hosted on a single Astro Cluster, has an isolated set of resources, and operates with a dedicated Postgres metadata database.

## Step 1: Select a Workspace

> When you first sign up for Astro, you are invited to your team Workspace. Within a Workspace, you can create Deployments and push DAGs to any Deployment from the Astro CLI or from a continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) process. You can also invite other users to the Workspace and create Deployments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within a Workspace, you can create Deployments and push DAGs to any Deployment from the Astro CLI or from a continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) process. You can also invite other users to the Workspace and create Deployments.
```

> Log in to the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io). Your assigned Workspaces are listed below **Your Workspaces**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access a Workspace, log in to the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io). Your assigned Workspaces are listed below **Your Workspaces**.
```

Author: This additional text is unnecessary. The task appears below the heading **Select a Workspace**.  It should be obvious to users that they are selecting a Workspace from the heading and introductory text.

## Step 2: Create a Deployment

> If you prefer, you can run the `astrocloud deployment create` command in the Astro CLI to create a Deployment. See [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-create.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::tip

If you prefer, you can run the `astrocloud deployment create` command in the Astro CLI to create a Deployment. See [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-create.md).

:::
```

Thoughts on putting this at the end of the step? I imagine more people will want to use the UI instead of the CLI for this. The CLI option is mostly helpful for automated use cases, from what I can tell.

Author: This type of information should _always_ appear before a procedure. Users shouldn't complete a task and then realize there is an alternate methodology. This information should be available before they begin a task.

Author: @paolaperaza I thought your suggestion a reasonable compromise. However, when I reviewed the task again, the first step states _Log in to the Cloud UI..._ So, it should be obvious to users that the procedure that is provided is for the Cloud UI. Also, the previous task instructs uses to log in to the Cloud UI. In my opinion, there is no need to repeat this information in the introductory statement. Happy to make the change, but I don't think it is necessary.

1. Log in to the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) and select a Workspace.
2. Click **Deployment**.
3. Complete the following fields:
    - **Name**: Enter a name for your Deployment.
    - **Astro Runtime**: Select the Astro Runtime version. The latest version of Astro Runtime is selected by default.

>     - **Description**: Optional. Enter a description for your Deployment. 

Reviewer 2: Is there a style/ accessibility consideration with formatting "Optional" like this? Totally personal preference, but I prefer `(Optional)` just because it's a little more subtle. That's mostly how I've done it in other docs.

    - **Cluster**: Select the Astro Cluster in which you want to create this Deployment.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Resource Settings**: Optional. Set resource usage for your Deployment. See [Configure Deployment Resources](configure-deployment-resources.md) for more information. 
```

Author: Update added.

4. Click **Create Deployment** and within a short period the following screen appears:

    ![Cloud UI Deployment Configuration](/img/docs/deployment-configuration.png)

    The initial status of all new Deployments is `UNHEALTHY`. This indicates that the Deployment's Webserver and Scheduler are still spinning up in your cloud. In a few minutes the status changes to `HEALTHY` and you can move to step 5.

> 5. Optional. Edit the Deployment resource settings:

Reviewer 2: These details are available on the same page where you set name, Runtime version, etc. You don't have to create the Deployment in order to get here.

Author: Sorry, it's not clear what you're asking. This is the behavior users see when creating a Deployment. It doesn't matter if users can see this behavior using an alternate methodology. Any clarification you can provide would be helpful.

    - Click **Edit Configuration**.
    - Edit the Deployment resource settings.
    - Click **Update Deployment**.

> 6. Optional. Click **Open Airflow** to access the Airflow UI.

Reviewer 2: This is duplicative of Step 4, so I'd remove this instance and frame Step 4 as more of a "Confirm that the creation was successful" step.

Author: Sorry, I'm not clear what you're asking here. Can you clarify? Do you want step 4 removed, or do you want step 6 of step 2 removed?

> ## Step 3: Set Deployment Resources

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need this step if we already have the other doc, especially since the other doc has much more comprehensive info about this process. Let's jump straight to the Airflow UI step and leave this info for our link in "Next Steps".

Author: The is part of the process of creating a Deployment. This is information users need. We link to the other doc in Next steps. I recommend keeping the tasks as they currently appear.

Reviewer 2: @kwcanuck agreed this is essential to the process of managing a Deployment, but is it essential to creating one? If you don't touch these resources at all, the Deployment will still spin up successfully. I view this as an optional "next step" as opposed to an essential detail for creating a Deployment, and for that reason I think we should still remove this step.

Once you create a Deployment, you can edit its resource settings to fit the needs of your tasks. Specifically, you can modify these components:

- Worker resources
- Scheduler count
- Scheduler resources

> Astro supports the `AU` as the primary resource unit. In this context,

Reviewer 2: We mention AUs in Configure Resources, but I don't think this specific conversion made it over. That should definitely be added somewhere in the doc.

Author: I'm not clear what you are asking. The conversion information is available in create-deployment:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/170261362-7c93191f-0bb3-4198-9678-d95226611665.png)

The topic configure-deployment-resources contains links to the relevant information.

- 1 AU = 0.1 CPU, .375 GB Memory
- 10 AU = 1 CPU, 3.75 GB Memory

1. Log in to the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) and select a Workspace.
2. Select a Deployment.
3. Click **Edit Configuration**.
4. Edit the Deployment resource settings.
5. Click **Update Deployment**.

## Step 4: Access the Airflow UI

1. Log in to the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) and select a Workspace.
2. Select a Deployment.
3. Click **Open Airflow** to access the Airflow UI.

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer 2: Similar suggestion as in the other doc, can we lead with a sentence that binds these docs together and then list the docs as bullet points? Maybe:

`Once you create your Deployment, you can configure it in a number of ways, for more information, see:`

Author: As stated previously, I don't think this text is necessary. The purpose of the links is obvious by the heading used (_Next Steps_) and by the text included in the link. Less is more.

Reviewer: I'm still a fan of bullet points here if we don't want to preface these links with language
